fix(override-extend): update override-extend-variable module content (#211)
patternfly/training-scenarios: html-css/override-extend-variables/step1-instructions.md

> ## Add code to the workspace

Reviewer: Remove this line we aren't using it anymore

> Before you get started, let's add some code to the workspace that you can modify.

Reviewer: The step markdowns shouldn't be using "you" or "we" anymore @gheake2

Reviewer 2: Before you get started, let's add some code to the workspace that you can modify.
sb
Add code to the workspace that can be modified.

 
1) <strong>Copy code into the index.html file.</strong>
 

> 2) <strong> Click the Copy to Editor</strong> button below to add html for a card to the `index.html` file.

Reviewer: The entire sentence should be in bold

Reviewer 2: <strong> Click the Copy to Editor</strong> button below to add html for a card to the `index.html` file.
sb
<strong> Click the Copy to Editor button below to add html for a card to the `index.html` file.</strong>

> Before you get started, let's add some code to the workspace that you can modify.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Before getting started, add some code to the workspace that can be modified.
```

 
1) <strong>Copy code into the index.html file.</strong>
 

> 2) <strong> Click the Copy to Editor button below to add html for a card to the `index.html` file.</strong>

Reviewer: This shouldn't be a step 2 because it relates to number 1

  &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
</pre>
 

> 3) <strong>Set up your new styles file for overriding styles in the card component.</strong> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3) <strong>Set up the new styles file for overriding styles in the card component.</strong> 
```

> There are two blocks in this file: `:root` targets styles across the entire application and `.pf-c-card` targets styles specifically in the card component.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
There are two blocks in this file: `:root` targets styles across the entire application, and `.pf-c-card` targets styles specifically in the card component.
```

 
4) <strong>Click the Copy to Editor button below to add code for the card component to the myapp.scss file.</strong>
 
<pre class="file" data-filename="myapp.scss" data-target="replace">
:root {
  // Add global variables here
}
 
.pf-c-card {
  // Add Card component variables here
}
</pre>
 

> <strong>Note:</strong> When the server reloads, you should see something like this:

Reviewer: Change server to preview

> <strong>Note:</strong> When the server reloads, you should see something like this:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<strong>Note:</strong> When the preview reloads, you should see something like this:
```

> <strong>Note:</strong> When the preview reloads, it should look something like this:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
<strong>Note:</strong> When the preview reloads, it should look like this:
```

  &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
</pre>
 

> 3) <strong>Set up your new styles file for overriding styles in the card component.</strong> There are two blocks in this file: `:root` targets styles across the entire application and `.pf-c-card` targets styles specifically in the card component.

Reviewer: Add a return after the first sentence, like this:

3) <strong>Set up your new styles file for overriding styles in the card component.</strong> 

There are two blocks in this file: `:root` targets styles across the entire application and `.pf-c-card` targets styles specifically in the card component.

> 4) Click the <strong>Copy to Editor</strong> button below to add code for the card component to the myapp.scss file.

Reviewer: Again make the whole sentence bold.
Also update the file to use code ticks

 
<pre class="file" data-filename="myapp.scss" data-target="replace">
:root {
  // Add global variables here
}
 
.pf-c-card {
  // Add Card component variables here
}
</pre>
 

> <strong>Note:</strong> When the server reloads, you should see something like this:

Reviewer: Avoid using "you" and "we"
